Magalie Marcellus: Hello.
Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Hi, yes.
David Dusseau: Hello. Maggie, Maggie.
Magalie Marcellus: Hi, Lisa, how are you
David Dusseau: Man, a little while, and I'm all right.
David Dusseau: I'll be going for hip replacement here a couple of weeks on only get psyched up about them.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I know the last time we spoke a while back, you were scheduled something so they
David Dusseau: Know your true
David Dusseau: I had to go to a different hospital nine minutes. University of Toledo.
David Dusseau: Y'all just my my EKG was messed up.
David Dusseau: I hadn't tab and then they
David Dusseau: Permit to a specialist and I hope it all works out. I go, the 18th 25th.
David Dusseau: Or the pre op again.
David Dusseau: Okay.
David Dusseau: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: So, how you been since the last time I
David Dusseau: Good. I
David Dusseau: missed my son.
David Dusseau: I only seen him a couple times over Christmas. He's living with his older sister.
David Dusseau: And
David Dusseau: My wife, his mother died of how to told you a little over a year ago.
And
David Dusseau: Rob
David Dusseau: I want to come back with him but I gotta get my own deal with CSV.
David Dusseau: My got a DUI after she died and Ms Devon everything up.
David Dusseau: I didn't have a while.
David Dusseau: Since 1996
David Dusseau: Mm hmm. Judge, I had a CDO class A, so that's all gone now.
David Dusseau: I mean, I could probably get someone to hire me but shirts company nowadays.
David Dusseau: Someone was a DUI kind of brown on it.
David Dusseau: I spent enough time on the road 36 years
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
David Dusseau: Well, I'm not
David Dusseau: Going after my surgery yet, but he'll
David Dusseau: I know what you're doing in between.
David Dusseau: Of a man on a couch. Some mornings I can walk to the bathroom.
David Dusseau: Carly from it's only about 30 feet from here.
David Dusseau: I gotta get this done. It's been 10 years
David Dusseau: Bother me. I've been putting it off putting it off knowledge worn down so bad that some of the hits surgeons.
David Dusseau: So come a massive nothing there. So they got me seen a specialist. He's gonna do it. Let's hope next time we meet, I'm
David Dusseau: I'm smiling.
David Dusseau: And get back to work.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Magalie Marcellus: So right now, you still come in for the Groupon once a week.
Magalie Marcellus: Or your treatment.
Was during
Magalie Marcellus: The
David Dusseau: Day.
David Dusseau: I go every Tuesday I get
David Dusseau: To a point to Suboxone a day.
David Dusseau: And I've been town. I've been having problems sleeping.
David Dusseau: And she was given me seven Adam ran a week.
David Dusseau: And she cut that down to five.
David Dusseau: And she is that something she wants me to get hooked on
David Dusseau: But I don't
David Dusseau: Like to Seroquel and ozone, right, Ron. Ron
David Dusseau: That added man really works.
David Dusseau: After I take it, I'm sleeping within a half hour hour
David Dusseau: But it's only a point five.
David Dusseau: Are you a doctor.
Magalie Marcellus: Now most therapists. I'm a therapist Social Work degree.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, yeah, so
David Dusseau: You guys
Magalie Marcellus: Know that
Magalie Marcellus: We have a medical doctor
David Dusseau: What state are you saying
Oh,
It looks
Magalie Marcellus: Like
David Dusseau: It is, yeah. We're getting a snowstorm night.
I
David Dusseau: Yeah, they probably won't be no school tomorrow or anything.
Magalie Marcellus: Really, isn't that bad.
David Dusseau: Yeah, it will be a pretty good one.
David Dusseau: Maybe
David Dusseau: Leo.
David Dusseau: I'm only like
David Dusseau: Three miles from Michigan line.
David Dusseau: Right on Lake Erie.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So, um, so what do you do during the day. I know you say you don't get much so much movement. So how do you keep you occupied
David Dusseau: I've always been involved in church Cedar Creek and city lights here in Toledo.
David Dusseau: I got a
David Dusseau: Good friend that a year ago.
David Dusseau: He broke down right here in this room mindset. And then I told him, I said, JP, there's a better way. And he was planning on going into a rehab.
David Dusseau: And he did. And in six months time he was sleeping in his vehicle. His wife to and kids are with their parents.
David Dusseau: And he's turned his life around
David Dusseau: Of complete 360 and he looks so good. And a lot of weight and he's happy. I mean,
David Dusseau: When he broke down here, I just tell them
David Dusseau: You know I'm, I'm not gay or nothing but he he just got pardon me, just started weeping and crying. It was really an addiction bad. I'm glad you made it through it, he got a job paying
David Dusseau: beaucoup bucks and God has really blessed to me those meetings, got me going to church on Sunday with them.
David Dusseau: And
David Dusseau: I'll show you this. I spent a lot of time playing that thing my guitar.
David Dusseau: Then land was my life.
David Dusseau: I used to play out of church.
David Dusseau: Like to do that again.
David Dusseau: And maybe I can
David Dusseau: But my main concern is getting my son back
David Dusseau: Because he's living with a sister.
David Dusseau: Will never even logged in, till her mother died.
David Dusseau: Robin
David Dusseau: Robin her oldest daughter didn't get along.
David Dusseau: Long story, but she applied for custody, because I had gotten evicted. I couldn't work and my rent was real high and
David Dusseau: She took him for a while, and he didn't mind cuz she's got kids. His a
Magalie Marcellus: Tent. Uh huh.
David Dusseau: That are his nephew who a nice
David Dusseau: Funny.
David Dusseau: But that's how it is. I got kids from 12 up to 45 years old.
Magalie Marcellus: Wow, as some bigger than
David Dusseau: Five.
David Dusseau: My last one on a motorcycle years back.
David Dusseau: My 26 year old, dusty
David Dusseau: And he left two grandkids. His wife was founded back but she live rope 19 bones. Oh.
David Dusseau: He was showing off. He had one of the fastest motorcycles here in Toledo first time she ever got on it. They time four o'clock in the afternoon. Want to go around a car on a curve outside Toledo here by late
David Dusseau: And the car switch lanes and push them right to pick up
David Dusseau: That Mike would do a 200 mile an hour and he might have been going down that path.
Magalie Marcellus: Wow, I
David Dusseau: Was decapitated.
David Dusseau: It wasn't a good day.
David Dusseau: Or month or at home, Jaden and a six year old at home, Dylan.
David Dusseau: I have four grandkids. I don't know.
Magalie Marcellus: So, and the last time I had mentioned when I see a son, you're trying to get some legal assistance so you can, you know, have visitation.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. So did you get that
Magalie Marcellus: Lettuce.
David Dusseau: I had a lawyer on it.
David Dusseau: But now I'm talking with
David Dusseau: My wife's ex husband who she has three kids by
David Dusseau: And he's been kind of a
David Dusseau: Go between between me and Stephanie.
David Dusseau: And he don't like what she's doing it all. So he he has gotten my son for the weekend.
David Dusseau: And he calls me and I have seen them. I went out to dinner with them.
David Dusseau: I'm not calling anyone any calls me. But in the last two weeks. I think she point out about this.
David Dusseau: And
David Dusseau: They're not answering the phones. I was going to try to do it without getting involved and see his be and she don't want another do with me. She's happy.
David Dusseau: Maybe looks good on her that she took her mother's son and his dad was a no good heroin addict I mess with heroin, but
David Dusseau: For six months in the last 15 years
David Dusseau: Or more 20 years
David Dusseau: You know, I was bad on it and 80s and 90s since I've gotten on Suboxone it's a lifesaver for me.
David Dusseau: I know I'm thinking about using
David Dusseau: OBS
David Dusseau: But I was mad, you know, always from 1974
Magalie Marcellus: So how long been clean
David Dusseau: Wow.
David Dusseau: From opiates.
David Dusseau: I've been clean from old is since I got all my teeth out, I got one script of Percocet, about six years ago.
David Dusseau: And that was it. Before that it was about five years before that I got on heroin for about six months.
David Dusseau: And that brought me down real quick. I went from I'm 195 right now. I was down at 137
David Dusseau: And I went into a homeless shelter to get sober and got back with my wife and my son was only like two years old.
David Dusseau: But I never mess again because during that time I crossed it my feet.
David Dusseau: I
David Dusseau: Went out and my pickup windows down truck wasn't running quit on me.
David Dusseau: And lucky I I woke up so cold and my P i couldn't walk on for a month and up in the hospital.
David Dusseau: And that's a good reminder because I still heard today.
David Dusseau: They're numb the single they burn.
David Dusseau: I don't lose you know told or anything, but
David Dusseau: Man, I don't know what woke me up to God, did I end up making McDonald's. And I'm sitting there, shaking so bad that my team for rattling energy two old ladies in a booth for to up in front of me.
David Dusseau: And they had a high side the back in and like the glass around it and they couldn't see me kept saying, what's it noise chattering like that it was when I had teeth and I couldn't stop it. I was in hypothermia so bad.
David Dusseau: And I've seen a friend walked in and looked at me, said, Dave, you don't look good.
David Dusseau: And I should you take me a hospital guy.
David Dusseau: His name was Charlie.
He didn't
David Dusseau: That really woke me up in your business at 55 years old mess around that. I don't
Magalie Marcellus: Want that kind of stuff. Now why would be, um, what do we need to do in order to have a more consistent visitation, which are some now.
David Dusseau: What am I doing
Magalie Marcellus: What do you need to do.
David Dusseau: I need to get proper visitation.
David Dusseau: He wants me to move out there by him.
Magalie Marcellus: Who wants
David Dusseau: My son. He wants me. He wants his dad.
Magalie Marcellus: To be close to
David Dusseau: God jealous, I believe, because he was calling me 10 times a day. I had him every weekend you didn't want to go back
David Dusseau: And
David Dusseau: Then school started and I should. Roger. You can be call me at two in the morning, you've got a
David Dusseau: Real good.
David Dusseau: Please buy
Magalie Marcellus: Some kind of like some kind of weird things for fun.
David Dusseau: Yeah, he gets on the bus at 720
David Dusseau: You got in football. I love that. So he wants to stand. That's cool.
David Dusseau: So I'm gonna try to get up there.
David Dusseau: After I'm healed my hip.
David Dusseau: Everything goes well.
David Dusseau: And he can decide himself. He's at the age where
David Dusseau: The age of accountability where I think he can decide you
David Dusseau: Know, we want to
Magalie Marcellus: Move on.
Magalie Marcellus: Then you won't have to
Magalie Marcellus: Call and things like that.
Magalie Marcellus: And continue
David Dusseau: Money miles. I want to keep minute school
David Dusseau: He was so good in football last year that he wants.
David Dusseau: He's looking forward to next year seventh grade.
David Dusseau: Like I said he's one at three and he's almost six foot
David Dusseau: Six. Great.
big kid.
David Dusseau: Stephanie, she's doing all right but I heard some things about her.
Magalie Marcellus: Brain in a kid with that all what Stephanie.
David Dusseau: I did up till something she read on Facebook.
David Dusseau: And now I'm reading stuff on Facebook about her.
David Dusseau: I heard from
David Dusseau: Her sister that she's in witchcraft.
David Dusseau: When I heard that she don't when she told my son.
David Dusseau: always taught him to pray before he goes to bed and sometimes he gets on his knees and before each
David Dusseau: And his sister didn't like that.
David Dusseau: And praying and that low. I can't go to see us be good because I don't have the proof, it's going to cause a bunch of
David Dusseau: Open a bag can of worms, but as bother me because I even seen on what on Facebook that she's in some kind of
David Dusseau: Maybe call
David Dusseau: And
David Dusseau: The other witches and it's just, and then I try to get back to that same page Stephanie's page. I can't find it, no more.
Magalie Marcellus: Like is it do you think it is affecting your son and anyway.
Magalie Marcellus: Let me
Magalie Marcellus: Show me.
David Dusseau: Yes, I do believe because when he was here.
David Dusseau: I had him every weekend.
David Dusseau: He took my brother aside and told him about the witchcraft and his brain and how she has
David Dusseau: I don't know what it's called, some kind of seance things are and he watched the windows Chuck by themselves or
David Dusseau: I forget what exactly Ronnie told me, but he told my, my brother, not to tell me because he didn't want his dad to know because I haven't
Yet
David Dusseau: But my brother. He wasn't
David Dusseau: You know, a good source at the time he had been drinking that night.
Magalie Marcellus: And
David Dusseau: My body. I never got the full story, but that's amazing I concerned and we're
Magalie Marcellus: Doing in terms with school I emotionally
Magalie Marcellus: Honorable okay
Magalie Marcellus: That's good.
David Dusseau: Job, man.
David Dusseau: Man, you don't try to be better know Buddy, buddy.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, because sometimes you know changes can affect you know
David Dusseau: I'm worried about that right now because he's fine, he's doing fine in do that.
David Dusseau: But his brother or his nephew who sweeps the same bedroom went from 16 he's got caught with marijuana
David Dusseau: I'm great. You know, he's at that age where
David Dusseau: If you don't use it right
David Dusseau: Yeah, you know, I'm worried about
Magalie Marcellus: Getting
David Dusseau: Wrong people
David Dusseau: Step
David Dusseau: Is by three different fathers
Out so
David Dusseau: Now she would have a guy who's got three kids themselves and they live there too.
Magalie Marcellus: So that's
David Dusseau: Brady Bunch.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: We're just sending 712 I'm and I'm saying that all together with those
All
David Dusseau: Good.
Yeah.
David Dusseau: He seems. All right, everybody wants to be with his dad.
David Dusseau: Robin died suddenly
David Dusseau: It was one day she was sick, we got to the hospital with
David Dusseau: Six hours she was dead.
David Dusseau: From a lung infection.
David Dusseau: Infection went through a heart.
David Dusseau: Unbelievable. She's 10 years younger than me.
David Dusseau: Had seven kids though she was good looking at still I thought she's in good shape.
David Dusseau: It was 591 hundred and 35
David Dusseau: With my partner. She taught me was the first job she got pregnant moms in the first three years we ran live vision of Brooklyn, New York, and
She
David Dusseau: Yeah, you got wage and
David Dusseau: She never went asleep realize I got back there, too.
David Dusseau: And I told her, I said, Man three years you've never
David Dusseau: Gotten asleep while driving. This is why cuz you want to see where we're going to hit
Magalie Marcellus: Make sure you guys are safe.
David Dusseau: And bad snow storms in Minnesota Pennsylvania in the mountains and
David Dusseau: Anyway, I lost my studio because of that.
David Dusseau: Drunk Driving charge. I got a year and a half ago.
David Dusseau: I like to get back in the home fish part time from the people that bought my dad's business and for my dad died.
David Dusseau: Around the same time, a Sunday 2011
David Dusseau: And they bought my dad's wife sold everything he didn't have a goodwill made out. So there's possibility I could drive again and haul fish, maybe for the people that bought my dad, my dad's business.
David Dusseau: I'm friends with about half the families do
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm. Okay, so any episode of it either having the triggers are Cravens since you've been in the program.
David Dusseau: Oh, I'm shoot for more
David Dusseau: I
David Dusseau: Drank
David Dusseau: So how is that everywhere.
David Dusseau: It's everywhere. I can get anything I want. So it's something I just don't dwell on
David Dusseau: I I read a lot. I tried to read Proverbs every day and
David Dusseau: Other books and Bible I'm mainly stuck on a scout for this remote. We got Buckeye cable.
David Dusseau: Watch a lot of
David Dusseau: Family Feud.
David Dusseau: This is
Magalie Marcellus: Actually a song.
David Dusseau: About for eight hours every night or six hours.
David Dusseau: Destruction.
David Dusseau: I can watch all night every night.
David Dusseau: Okay, I'm back in watching Breaking Bad again.
David Dusseau: You ever watch
Magalie Marcellus: Um, I heard about it, but I never got into
Series. No, no.
Magalie Marcellus: No, that
Magalie Marcellus: Type of
David Dusseau: A lot
Magalie Marcellus: My and sometimes that could be a trigger for people to if you
David Dusseau: Know,
David Dusseau: How great music
David Dusseau: And friends that come around.
Magalie Marcellus: Right.
David Dusseau: And most of my brain was gone did
Magalie Marcellus: The football. So what was going on. Time for you.
David Dusseau: Always have people over and I decided to have
Magalie Marcellus: Made multiple jack. Was it
David Dusseau: Just
David Dusseau: Your calls
David Dusseau: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
David Dusseau: What's
David Dusseau: Called a wicked ale.
David Dusseau: And actually what fallen medication, I take
David Dusseau: Hmm actually made me sick.
Magalie Marcellus: I'll see ya know that have an effect.
David Dusseau: Different medications.
David Dusseau: Uh huh. My blood pressure, my heart and
David Dusseau: Here's what I Jake at Jake an opening
David Dusseau: I don't think again share right Harvard all
David Dusseau: The surgeon
David Dusseau: Potassium o'clock on a dime.
David Dusseau: Joel All
David Dusseau: Low milligram of aspirin every day.
Magalie Marcellus: Every day.
David Dusseau: Every day, and some at night.
David Dusseau: And three times the day on the clock. Done.
But at night.
David Dusseau: I was shaking chair. Well,
David Dusseau: And then, run, run.
David Dusseau: Now I'm hopeless Jana van. You don't want me on
David Dusseau: So,
Magalie Marcellus: Now it's
David Dusseau: A sleeping bag because I don't do nothing.
Magalie Marcellus: No, but do you could do certain things will happen to your body.
Magalie Marcellus: You know, wind down and you know get to a thing where you can
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Cuz
Magalie Marcellus: Sometimes on the phone, you can have some things on your phone that can help you get your mind off.
David Dusseau: I was wondering about meditation art.
David Dusseau: What do you call that yoga and all that.
David Dusseau: Why are you a
Magalie Marcellus: Boy, you have to have actual movement with meditation sometimes just
Magalie Marcellus: Listening to certain things in, you know, just trying to clear your mind.
David Dusseau: Yeah.
David Dusseau: That's what it was.
David Dusseau: Channel on app. It's called
David Dusseau: It's like a relaxing thing where they had the
Magalie Marcellus: Ocean. Yes.
David Dusseau: Those waterfall island.
In
David Dusseau: Hawaii.
David Dusseau: told me what to do them.
David Dusseau: Take deep breaths and let it out loud. You're I went through the whole steps with it.
David Dusseau: That really
Magalie Marcellus: Really
David Dusseau: Because I'm not all
David Dusseau: Hyper person anyway.
David Dusseau: I talked to Dr. James and about
David Dusseau: To go live without. She's in the yoga and
David Dusseau: Meditation, where she just got to get away from everything
Magalie Marcellus: Right. So, kind of, we tried
David Dusseau: Yeah recharge.
David Dusseau: I'm gonna look into more of that.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. And then after
David Dusseau: A while.
David Dusseau: And with my diagnosis lately.
David Dusseau: I'm such a high risk for the surgery that
David Dusseau: My first surgeon. He walked in the room, a good two months ago and said, Dave,
David Dusseau: You know, my, my results from my testes. I'm, I'm right. You're not gonna make it through surgery.
David Dusseau: Oh boy, said there's a good chance
Magalie Marcellus: Wow.
David Dusseau: What are you talking about Dr. Miller I so I've been on a knife good 10 times I have had a lot of operations new motorcycle racks to knee operations.
David Dusseau: I broke my left shoulder bag with a bone come out the top, then the pin, they put in and gotten back to, so I'm a little worried about the the hip. Getting infected because I also got my leg infected with a nickel poisoning.
David Dusseau: They do a blood test and the blood test shows you know if I'm learning Virginia kind of metal.
David Dusseau: So they cleared me on the blood work so far.
David Dusseau: Again, this time, and I go for like I say the eg
David Dusseau: The heart died during the pre op but 25th.
Magalie Marcellus: So hopefully everything gets cleared for
Yeah.
David Dusseau: They don't clear me. I don't know. I'm gonna act.
David Dusseau: What
Magalie Marcellus: What can you do right now to help alleviate some of the discomfort that you're
Magalie Marcellus: Having
David Dusseau: Um,
David Dusseau: I should try to move around more
David Dusseau: I tried to walk to
David Dusseau: The pharmacy down here I try walking his dog. But usually I get about I have
David Dusseau: I have a block and I got turned around, because actually I feel my hip going in and out comes out soccer.
David Dusseau: Right irritated.
David Dusseau: Or label.
David Dusseau: Yeah, there's other exercise. I do. I can sit on this couch, and I do with my legs up and down, up and down, up and down.
David Dusseau: Up and down or books and go back and forth so I can do it no more.
Magalie Marcellus: Sasha Sasha, what
Magalie Marcellus: Time for you.
Magalie Marcellus: While middle recovery time after
David Dusseau: Then on
David Dusseau: They said six weeks. I gotta see a therapist twice a week for two weeks or three times a week or two weeks.
David Dusseau: Twice a week or two weeks and then once a week for two weeks.
David Dusseau: So I gotta make sure I do that therapy.
David Dusseau: What else. Oh, they give me this.
David Dusseau: Are you still there.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I don't know what happened is kind of lost you for a minute, I hear you.
David Dusseau: I'm down at 4% but it's
David Dusseau: Not jargon, because I'm on it.
Magalie Marcellus: No longer
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so you can put the video out for now. So that can maybe
Magalie Marcellus: A little bit, but we just have a few more minutes because
Magalie Marcellus: Now the schedule is also
David Dusseau: Going
David Dusseau: Well, I don't know where you're at your
Order.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah yes on
David Dusseau: Friday on the
David Dusseau: Same time, eight o'clock.
Magalie Marcellus: there right now as the same time.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, we have the same time, we have Eastern Time.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Right, no us standard for seven o'clock, so I wasn't sure what happened.
David Dusseau: I was I was supposed to be 10 o'clock.
Magalie Marcellus: Us supposed to be at seven.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: 7030
David Dusseau: Wow.
David Dusseau: checked in at 7030 actually I was way almost forgot
David Dusseau: One after seven to 20
David Dusseau: Minutes.
David Dusseau: And then, yeah, and virtual
Magalie Marcellus: Clinic.
David Dusseau: And then the lady. Come on.
David Dusseau: Our game was. It was our game.
David Dusseau: Look, she look like our game. So I think of somebody else I should have got her name.
David Dusseau: I
David Dusseau: Don't know what's going on. Yeah, for a while. She looked me up and gave me the number for you. Wow.
Magalie Marcellus: 571-761-4234
David Dusseau: But yeah, it's a little late.
David Dusseau: But only three minutes late.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, why, why shouldn't take that long adventure clinic. Sometimes they don't.
David Dusseau: Know, super busy.
David Dusseau: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Tony was. I thought, I'm sorry for that. But what I am, because I do have somebody else schedule and they
Magalie Marcellus: Are waiting for me right now.
David Dusseau: So,
Magalie Marcellus: We say your next appointment is. I mean, I can try to schedule for next week, then we can check in before you go for your surgery, you want to try Monday.
David Dusseau: Oh, let me see the
Magalie Marcellus: Monday, Wednesday.
David Dusseau: The 18th
Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Before the heart doctor
Magalie Marcellus: To do that.
Magalie Marcellus: But I'll see on the doctor and then
David Dusseau: The pre off the 25th and then they're going to schedule me for surgery, then
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so then let me check.
Magalie Marcellus: Because I don't want to have the other person waiting, because they do have they own time.
David Dusseau: I hear you whenever you want me to check in. Again, just tell me know and I'll write it down.
Um,
Magalie Marcellus: For next week. How about I can do next Wednesday at eight o'clock. You want to do that.
David Dusseau: Yeah.
David Dusseau: I'll check in one day about the border chill.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so you can have
A clock.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes.
David Dusseau: Yes. All right, I'll see you then.
David Dusseau: No problem. Have a good night.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Bye bye.
David Dusseau: Bye bye.
Magalie Marcellus: Can you allow for me, Mr. David
David Dusseau: Oh, I can't find I can't find what would lead
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. All right, then. No, don't worry. I have to come back to your log